Welcome back.
Remember that first task that Bruno asked us to do which is set up S-sh on our account.
Well let's do that in this exercise.
Knowing what you know I've taught you way more than you needed to know with S-sh.
Can you do this on your own.
I'm going to provide a solution video for you after this but I really want to try setting this up.
If you haven't done so S-sh with get help and I'm going to give you a little bit of a hint you see with
Digital Ocean.
I went a little bit of the hard way.
I showed you how you can log into the server and actually populate the authorized keys.
With your public key but they don't actually expect you or everybody all their customers to do that
manually because it is a little bit technical.
You can actually go into their dashboard go to security and you can see over here they can add S-sh
keys
and just like that get hub makes it really really easy for us to add S-sh keys.
We simply go to settings and within settings you'll have S-sh and you can see over here I've already
set it up for myself.
But knowing why you know you should be able to set up an S-sh key and at the end of all this.
Why was this important why do we want to S-sh use S-sh with get up.
I mean if we go into one of our projects let's go to Star here guidelines both DBMSs and S-sh are secure
protocols that are encrypted.
Now there's a few pros and cons HGP apps will always verify the server automatically using something
called certificate authorities.
But you also need passwords every time you connect to get up in time you want to clone or repo with
a GPS.
They'll last you for a password and when you work with good hub a lot making daily changes daily commits
pool requests it can get tedious with S-sh.
We're using a more secure way than passwords we're using keys.
And since he can add many keys to the same account.
For example we can create keys for each of the computers that we access.
Get help to.
It makes things a lot easier.
Even on the server and on Digital Ocean I could have added many more keys or trusted keys.
All right.
So is time to set up S-sh with get up based on your knowledge.
Try to set it all by yourself and don't worry.
Like I said in the next video I'll show you how I would've done it.